Networking content update (#188)
k3s-io/docs: docs/installation/network-options.md

If you are using a custom CNI plugin, i.e. a CNI plugin other than Flannel, the additional configuration may be required. Please consult your plugin's dual-stack documentation and verify if network policies can be enabled.

:::caution Known Issue

> When defining cluster-cidr and service-cidr, if the first IPFamily is IPv6, node-ip should be specified if you want the main IP of the pods to be IPv6, otherwise kubelet will always pick IPv4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When defining cluster-cidr and service-cidr with IPv6 as the primary address family, the node-ip of all cluster members should be explicitly set to the node's desired IPv6 address if you want the primary IP of pods to be IPv6. By default, the kubelet will always use IPv4 as the primary address family.
```

Author: thanks! Changed your suggestion slightly
